---
ID: 194
post_title: The Leaf
author: 32bpwr3@gmail.com
post_date: 2017-05-15 01:27:30
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://morgazine.shepherdhistory.org/2017/05/15/the-leaf/
published: true
medium_post:
  - 'O:11:"Medium_Post":11:{s:16:"author_image_url";N;s:10:"author_url";N;s:11:"byline_name";N;s:12:"byline_email";N;s:10:"cross_link";s:2:"no";s:2:"id";N;s:21:"follower_notification";s:2:"no";s:7:"license";s:19:"all-rights-reserved";s:14:"publication_id";s:12:"553ace568d65";s:6:"status";s:4:"none";s:3:"url";N;}'
ase_map_component_start_point:
  - 'a:2:{s:3:"lat";d:29.760000000000001563194018672220408916473388671875;s:3:"lng";d:-95.3799999999999954525264911353588104248046875;}'
tags: [ ]
categories:
  - Fatherly Advice
---
<p>Imagine if you were a leaf which had been pushed up high in the sky by the wind, and was now gliding along above it all, going wherever the wind might take you. Seems like a pretty care free way to travel, if you were a leaf.</p><p>Or, perhaps you were the wind, helping out all of the leaves by sending them on a little bit of a trip. It might be better to have the power to manipulate the leaf’s direction than to be totally dependent on the wind.</p><p>How much of what we call “revolution” and “disruption” is really just a fancier way of saying that we are only along for the ride, much like the leaf?</p><p>For example, I know that ebooks have a lot of benefits--I own an ebook reader myself--but I wonder sometimes where this dependency on the cloud and digital devices will take us. It’s an advantage to not have to “deal” with storing so many books--especially if someone moves--but, then, there is something about book ownership that seems to have been forgotten. When you own a book, you can do whatever you want with it. You can read it whenever you want, you can make notes in the margins. You can finish the book, wait five years or more, then pick it up and find that everything is still the same. Would the same be true with ebooks? Ebooks can be stored on the cloud, but this means that they can be updated to the “newest” versions. You can mark up an ebook with notes, but this information is also stored on the cloud where it can be lost or altered.</p><p>Music and movie ownership is also shifting. Instead of buying a movie for home use, we pay Netflix for access to their library of digital copies of movies. I’ll admit that it’s a great idea. But, doesn’t this mean that we are giving up the benefits of ownership for the short-term convenience of not having to store physical movies on a shelf somewhere?</p><p>All that I’m saying is that it is unclear where all of these changes are leading. What we should be asking, ourselves, is that if we want to be the leaf, the wind, or the tree. Because, the tree from which the leaf fell is stationary and sturdy. It sways in the wind, but it remains rooted where it has grown for a long time.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><hr /><p><a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BaqqAUHS15BZWyjWZ7kON5oeS0xjdgjmFpY919rtawc/edit?usp=sharing">Edit on Google Docs</a></p><p>&nbsp;</p>